Add blog about camera deprecations (#2473)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: blog/2024-11-25-camera-deprecations.md

---
author: Robert Resch
authorURL: https://github.com/edenhaus
authorImageURL: https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/26537646?s=96&v=4

> title: "Camera deprecations"

Reviewer: Camera deprecations sounds very generic and could be seen as "cameras will be deprecated". Can we think of a slightly better name?

Author: What do you think about:
- Camera methods deprecation
- Camera refactoring

Reviewer: I think all 3 code rabbit ones would be good

---

With Home Assistant `2024.11` we added WebRTC for most cameras. To add support for it we needed to refactor and improve the camera entity.

> Today we would like to announce that with the upcoming HA `2024.12` the following methods are deprecated and will be removed with HA `2025.6`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Today we would like to announce that with the upcoming Home Assistant release `2024.12` the following methods are deprecated and will be removed with Home Assistant version `2025.6`:
```

- The property `frontend_stream_type` will be removed. As of `2024.11` Home assistant will identify the frontend stream type by checking if the camera entity implements the native WebRTC methods ([#130932](https://github.com/home-assistant/core/pull/130932)).

>     - Cards developers can use the new websocket command `camera/capabilities` to get the frontend stream types.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Card developers can use the new websocket command `camera/capabilities` to get the frontend stream types.
```

- The method `async_handle_web_rtc_offer` will be removed. Please use `async_handle_async_webrtc_offer` and the async WebRTC signaling approach ([#131285](https://github.com/home-assistant/core/pull/131285)).

> - Deprecate `async_register_rtsp_to_web_rtc_provider`. Please use `async_register_webrtc_provider`, which offers more flexibility and supports the async WebRTC signaling approach ([#131462](https://github.com/home-assistant/core/pull/131462)).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The method `async_register_rtsp_to_web_rtc_provider` has been deprecated. Please use `async_register_webrtc_provider`, which offers more flexibility and supports the async WebRTC signaling approach ([#131462](https://github.com/home-assistant/core/pull/131462)).
```
